So that's it for functions, quite a lot of content, quite a lot of different ways of creating and configuring
and using functions.
You learned about the function expression syntax, with the function keyword or with the arrow function.
You learned how arrow functions work and the different ways of using them, different ways of shortening
the code which is always nice. You learned about default arguments which can be quite handy,
same is true for rest parameters which allows you to merge parameters together into an array which you
then can use and both default arguments and rest parameters or rest arguments are really great features
for allowing you to write more reusable or more flexible functions that can be used in different ways.
You also learned about bind which is super important for preparing functions, which you're not executing
on your own but which will be executed on your behalf,
like for example with an event listener or as here in your own function where do you use this callback
function pattern, where you receive a function as an argument which you then call from inside that function.
We also touched on functions being created inside of functions, something which you can do which you
don't need to do that often right now and which we'll dive deeper into later, also dive into performance
implications and so on
once we're a little bit more advanced with Javascript. For now I'd say that's more than enough, a lot
of function features covered which you'll of course see throughout the course here and then and which
you will also probably need in some of your projects and see in other project you might be participating
in or you're analyzing.
So with that, more core features learned, let's go ahead and dive deeper into Javascript and actually
leave the pure syntax part here because we're already pretty good on that and instead now
also have a look at how we can actually interact with the webpage, something I previously always provided
to you,
I always gave you that connection,
now it's time for us to learn how that actually works.